Chen Dashao, long time no see Mr. Xue
Can we talk?
Mr. Chen is polite
Certainly!
So I'm going to cut to the chase.
I want to know what the relationship between the black gold group and the empress of Beijing is
Sorry, even if you are the eldest of the family
I can't answer you this question either.
But I'm sure you'll know the answer soon
Why did your brother marry Mr. Chen?
However, Master Chen obviously doesn't know your brother's true identity
If I'm not mistaken
This woman is the wife of a department manager at my black gold syndicate
How could I care whose wife he used to be?
But now he's mine
You may or may not listen to what I say next
The empress of Beijing owes me a favor
Now I want to pay it back
I need him when I need him
He can protect me
If there's nothing else, I'll take my leave
What is Mengxi still waiting for?